Add Readme and Release Drafter (#3)
neighborly/go-pghelpers: README.md

# go-pghelpers

Golang helpers for Postgres.

## Installation

```sh
go get github.com/neighborly/go-pghelpers
```

## Usage

### PostgresConfig

PostgresConfig holds the information about db connection. For example

```go
var postgresConfig = pghelpers.PostgresConfig{

> 	Host:       localhost,

Reviewer: These examples should be a string.

```suggestion
	Host:       "localhost",
```

> 	Port:       1,

Reviewer: Let's add the default postgres port here.

> 	Username:   neighbor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Username:   "neighbor",
```

> 	Password:   ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Password:  "",
```

> 	Database:   neighborly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Database:   "neighborly",
```

	SSLEnabled: false,

> 	Tracing:    tracingConfig

Reviewer: Let's remove this line.

}
```

### Connect Postgres

`pghelpers.ConnectPostgres` function returns db object and error if any. You can use `pghelpers.ConnectPostgres` as follows

```go
db, err := pghelpers.ConnectPostgres(postgresConfig)
```

### GenerateAddress

> GenerateAddress function returns Postgres connection string, which is used for `sql.open()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GenerateAddress` returns a Postgres connection string, which can be used for `sql.open()`.
```
